docs: Add documentation for Try in Web IDE Github action (#2114)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/hosted-che/partials/ref_about-try-in-web-ide-github-action.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// hosted-che

> [id="about-try-om-web-ide-github-action_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="about-try-in-web-ide-github-action_{context}"]
About Try in Web IDE GitHub action
```

The link:https://github.com/marketplace/actions/try-in-web-ide[Try in Web IDE GitHub action] can be added to a GitHub repository workflow to help reviewers quickly test pull requests on Eclipse Che hosted by Red Hat.

> The action achieves this by listening to pull request events and providing provides a link:https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/che-7/end-user-guide/creating-a-workspace-from-remote-devfile/#creating-a-workspace-from-the-default-branch-of-a-git-repository_che[factory URL] by creating a comment, a status check, or both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The action achieves this by listening to pull request events and providing a link:https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/che-7/end-user-guide/creating-a-workspace-from-remote-devfile/#creating-a-workspace-from-the-default-branch-of-a-git-repository_che[factory URL] by creating a comment, a status check, or both.
```

This factory URL creates a new workspace (link:https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/che-7/end-user-guide/creating-a-workspace-from-remote-devfile/#creating-a-workspace-from-a-feature-branch-of-a-git-repository_che[from the pull request branch]) on Eclipse Che hosted by Red Hat.

> NOTE: The Che documentation repository (https://github.com/eclipse/che-docs) is a real-life example where the Try in Web IDE GitHub action helps reviewers quickly test pull requests. Experience the workflow by navigating to a recent pull request and opening a factory URL.

Author: Wanted to mention, this would be true if https://github.com/eclipse/che-docs/pull/2113 is merged

> .Pull request comment created by the Try in Web IDE GitHub action. Clicking on the badge will open a new workspace for reviewers to test the pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Pull request comment created by the Try in Web IDE GitHub action. Clicking the badge opens a new workspace for reviewers to test the pull request.
```

image::hosted-che/github-action-comment.png[test]

> .Pull request status check created by the Try in Web IDE GitHub action. Clicking on the "Details" link will open a new workspace for reviewers to test the pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Pull request status check created by the Try in Web IDE GitHub action. Clicking the "Details" link opens a new workspace for reviewers to test the pull request.
```
